update for newer elixir image on dockerhub (#6074)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/docker-layer-caching.md

{:.no_toc}

```
FROM elixir:1.11.4

# make Apt non-interactive
RUN echo 'APT::Get::Assume-Yes "true";' > /etc/apt/apt.conf.d/90circleci \
  && echo 'DPkg::Options "--force-confnew";' >> /etc/apt/apt.conf.d/90circleci

ENV DEBIAN_FRONTEND=noninteractive

> # Debian Jessie is EOL'd and original repos don't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Debian Jessie is EOL'd and original repos don not work.
```

Author: I'll edit it and remove the extra `n` @thomasr8
